Make it possible to override POM name and description using conventions (#28590)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

    }
}
```

#### Setting custom POM values in Maven publications for plugins

> The following example demonstrates how to set custom POM values per-publication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maven-publish plugin provides a way to set custom POM values for a Gradle plugin publication, as demonstrated in the following example:
```

```groovy
gradlePlugin {
    plugins {
        register("some.plugin") {
            name = "SomePluginName"
            description = "SomePluginDesc"
        }
    }
}

publishing {
    publications.withType<MavenPublication> {
        pom {
            name = "CustomPublicationName"
            description = "CustomPublicationDesc"
        }
    }
}
```

> Previously, this was not working as expected and the published POM would contain the name and description values configured via `plugins` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, this was not working as expected and the published POM would contain the name and description values configured via the `plugins` block.
```
